Update to Security Considerations Section (#32)
boucadair/draft-xxx-ac-rate-policy-discovery: draft-brw-sconepro-rate-policy-discovery.md

# Security Considerations

> The techniques discussed in the draft offer the following security benefit: The operating system can identify the type of application (e.g., background, foreground, streaming, real-time etc.) and enforce appropriate network policies, even if a misbehaving application tries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The techniques discussed in the document offer the following security benefit: An OS can identify the type of application (background, foreground, streaming, real-time, etc.) and enforce appropriate network policies, even if a misbehaving application tries
```
